WEG - Modular All Drives - BBS Automation (China)-20260617_070433-Gravação de Reunião
17 de junho de 2026, 10:04AM
1h 25m 0s

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner começou a transcrição

Ma, Vivian   0:41
Okay, hey, can you see my screen?

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   0:43
Yes.

Ma, Vivian   0:44
Okay.
Okay, so I think first I will give a short presentation for BBS.
Okay, so in the right corner you can see the name, dual group.

Liu, Carlson   1:09
Uh, sorry, maybe you can share another screen.

Ma, Vivian   1:12
Open.

Liu, Carlson   1:16
Can I?

Ma, Vivian   1:16
Online.
What do Ima?
Show.
Up.
OK, jumping.
presentation.

Liu, Carlson   1:38
Then, then.

Ma, Vivian   1:47
Uh, Southern.
Cortana.

Liu, Carlson   1:55
Ah.
But sure.
Okay, hold on.
Send, send, send, send.
The whole, uh, tell me, man.

Ma, Vivian   2:17
Tigger.
Deva.
Ohh, dance, OK.

Liu, Carlson   2:24
Yeah, put it in the middle.

Ma, Vivian   2:26
Hi, Mia.

Liu, Carlson   2:30
That's in.

Ma, Vivian   2:34
Ohh.
Which one?

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   2:39
I, I, hello, hello. I asked, I asked the control of the screen. I can show to you how to to to start the presentation.

Liu, Carlson   2:39
Sorry, sorry, yeah, yeah.

Ma, Vivian   2:46
Okay.
Okay.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   2:52
Okay.
Let me try to control the screen.

Ma, Vivian   2:59
Mhm.
Yeah, you like, okay.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   3:02
You want to accept in the teams?

Ma, Vivian   3:08
I see.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   3:10
Open the teams, yes.

Ma, Vivian   3:11
Accept.
Yes, I open the teams.
And accept your control, so I don't find the control.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   3:16
No.
Yes.

Liu, Carlson   3:26
Sorry, maybe wait a moment, I think you too.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   3:29
OK, but but next next of the mic is image in down of the screen, you can see a book, right?

Liu, Carlson   3:30
Yeah, sorry.

Ma, Vivian   3:33
Mmh.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   3:45
In the blue mic in the screen in your screen.

Ma, Vivian   3:47
OK. Sorry, a moment please. My colleague help me. OK. Sorry.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   3:54
Okay, okay.

Ma, Vivian   4:11
Tell the law.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   4:12
Now it's okay.

Ma, Vivian   4:13
OK, so in that now, you're OK. OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, so sorry, we started the presentation, so you in the right corner you can see the dual group.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   4:14
It's OK.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   4:17
Yes.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   4:17
Yes.

Ma, Vivian   4:33
Yes, BBS is officially acquired by Dual Group in 2023 years. So that means BBS now is a part of Dual Group.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   4:47
Okay.

Ma, Vivian   4:48
Okay, so BBS, some customer ask us why we call the BBS. I think the BBS is short for the best business solution. That's why we call the BBS.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   5:04
Yes.

Ma, Vivian   5:04
Okay.
This page is for the short presentation for Dual Group.
You can see this for dual group, the main business market. There are three parts. The first part is, I think the first part is the top one market for dual group.
You can see the major markets is for paint shops, final assembly lines, and also test the systems. This is the biggest markets. And the second, you can see for the
Industry automation includes production automation, balancing, battery production technology, BBS in the second part. And you also can see another two brands in this part, Shenke. I think Shenke is very famous for the balancing equipment.
And another duo is major in Battery Production Technology.
Okay, the third part is with the working technology. There's A1 brand, Homic, and this is very interesting, I think, in Europe, and like the...
IK, I don't know the name. I think IK and the top one furniture company in Sweden and the OPA, a domestic company in China, both of their major clients, the third part.
Okay, this is for BBS automation business. You can see BBS solution portfolio covers the entire production process, like assembly automation, test the automation, and also industry for the other 4.0.
And this is BBS Global Footprint and clean fact. BBS are a global company and they're.
with 20 sites and the total 20,500 employees with wide. Its headquarter is in Munich, Germany. And you can see the three parts, the first is the Europe area and the 2nd is the...
North America. We have a factory in USA, Mexico, and the third part is in Asia. There are, I think, also one factory in Pune and one factory in Malaysia.
And we have two factories in China, and there are four sides in BBS China. Next page we can see a detailed introduction for BBS China.
Okay, so this is show 5 sites, but our headquarter office in Suzhou now I think maybe some reasons for the market, it is closed the last month. So now we have four sites now. The first
You can see we have a plant in Suzhou. The bonding time is in 20 or 2003 years and the production space about 16,000 square meters. And also we have about 300 employees there. And another factory is in Tianjin.
The funding time is 2008 and there are about 100 employees. And the market is for the China, the North China, some service for North China. And
The third plant in Kunshan, the funding time in 2014 years. I think now the Kunshan plant is the biggest in BBS. So we have 420 employees there.
We had another, yeah, okay, please.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   10:00
The.

Ma, Vivian   10:04
Do I have?

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   10:04
in Sujo 2 or in another factory. The assembly lines and the testing lines that you build, then do you manufacture them in Sujo?

Ma, Vivian   10:15
Yes, of course we have. We have machine builder in Suzhou, also in Tianjin and in Kunshan. This is 3 plants also we have the equipment to build there.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   10:27
Okay.

Ma, Vivian   10:28
Mhm.
Okay, we have another, I think, the office in, IND office in Xi'an, also in North China, because there have many, many universities there, so we can
have some, attract some talent there and educate them. And this office, the biggest business is for the standard equipment.
Okay, so also the BBS China also have 22 years history and the total employees is about 950 and we have our revenue is about 200 million euro. So that's
Baby, as China.
information. So do you have any question about VS China?

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   11:36
It's clear for me.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   11:37
No, it's clear.

Ma, Vivian   11:38
Okay.
Okay, this is a short video for...
Plants in Kunshan, there are.
Full building, beautiful building there.
So maybe next time when you visit BBS, we can take a look around there.
Okay, so this page for the BBS China called confidence. Okay, the first part is the professional team. Yes, we have, I think in BBS automation engineers is almost have over than five years experience.
In the automation industry, so that's why very important for for for how to see for the design and for the experience, so we can see our application department, so we have.
about 25 engineers. And for the mechanical department, we have 240 engineers. And also we have over 200 electrical engineers and testing engineers, also production technical.
And also we have over 50 engineers in the project management. And also we have more than 30 engineers in the service department. So that's our strong team. And then secondly, the design system.
We have 2D and 3D design and the auto CAD and also SolidWorks. Also, we have our own PDM system for the projection management. And we also we have visual components simulation of software.
OK, the further electrical design system, the PLC country system with Siemens, I think is our common corporation corporation partner and also Bradley Beckhoff and any other brands. Also IPC testing, traceability system and the e-plan design.
Software.
Okay, the third is a standardization. We have a procedure WWI and equipment standardization process module, also components brand electrical software standardization.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   14:35
I have a question. Do you have a problem or an issue to work with WAG components, WAG VLCs?

Ma, Vivian   14:35
The third is okay.
Uh, like W.E.G. I think no current, so we don't have any.
I think we don't we don't use any brand WWG brand now currently.

Liu, Carlson   15:02
Yeah.

Ma, Vivian   15:03
Yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   15:03
Okay, but it's going to be a problem to use web components because here we prefer to use our components to build the machines.

Liu, Carlson   15:11
Uh.
Yeah, so I think normally it's no problem. But only one is the, I think the PLC. I know you also have the PLC. So if we use the PLC, I don't know if we, because as you know, we never used the.
WGPLC. So I think maybe that is a problem. We can we can check with our electrical guy, but for the other components, I think it's OK. No, I mean Azure, I think.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   15:50
Yeah, our newest PLC works with Code C software, so maybe it will not be a problem.

Liu, Carlson   15:59
Yeah, so this, I think we need to double check, so, so that means for this project, the W.G.P.L.C. is monetary need is right.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   16:04
Okay.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   16:13
Yes.

Liu, Carlson   16:13
The.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   16:13
I did it.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   16:16
It's a request, it's a request.

Liu, Carlson   16:16
Okay.
OK, so another question is for the this is some W.G. components, you will provide all or we we we should to purchase from your side.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   16:30
For the quote, you can considering buying all the components and selling all the components for us. And then later we can talk about providing the components for you to make a small discount on the quote.

Liu, Carlson   16:42
Mhm.
Okay.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   16:47
But just for a comparison, we need to compare all suppliers in the same way. So we considering you providing all the components and all the system.

Liu, Carlson   17:00
But which components will we use the WG brand?

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   17:05
All the components that we have in our portfolio, like contactors, PLC, relays, we have a lot of components in our portfolio. We can talk later about it, but in the first moment, just considering providing all the components.

Liu, Carlson   17:06
Haha.
Okay.
Mhm, Okay.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   17:25
The electronic components, right?

Liu, Carlson   17:27
Okay, so all of these components is electrical components, no mechanical. Okay, yeah, okay. Yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   17:28
Yeah.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   17:31
Yes, yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   17:31
Yeah, yeah.

Ma, Vivian   17:35
Okay, so maybe we can double check with the components. And then the third is the quality supply chain. The quality management, so we have 100% incoming quality control and also CMM detection. And also we have some quality control certification like ISO.
like VDA and T stacks and the VDA T stacks certification and the very special in automation and it's a paying certification for the YURA. I think YURA.
Car markets, so I think it's a seldom in some automation company.
That's why different some other automation company from the BBS. Okay, the supply chain many modes we have because BBS is a global company, so the global supply chain collaboration ensure our delivery reliability and the flexibility.
And also, we have the global agreement with key standard parts suppliers, so we can have the collaboration, the information, and the cooperation agreement with the key machine suppliers. OK, the first is the customer, OK.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   19:06
So...

Ma, Vivian   19:08
Place.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   19:09
Just a question: Do you guys so provide the pet and set standards like factory acceptance testing and site acceptance testing? You will commission the the assembly the testing line here in Brazil?

Ma, Vivian   19:10
Mhm.
In Brazil, I think not.

Liu, Carlson   19:32
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, right now.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   19:35
Your team are coming here to commission the machine and make the check that it's all okay to.
To start working.

Ma, Vivian   19:47
Yes, I think it's no problem, and also we...

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   20:09
OK.

Ma, Vivian   20:10
Because now we don't have much more partners or clients in Gradio, so maybe we need your help to check some, maybe.
special regulars in Brazil. I think normally it's no problem for our guys.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   20:28
What?

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   20:33
And just to, yeah, Franklin.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   20:33
It's important.
Okay, okay, sorry. It's important to us, you check with the team, how the support will work to us here in Brazil, you know.

Ma, Vivian   20:38
Mhm.
Okay, so maybe I will check with our production management because we need to...
I think I need your invitation letters for our guys walking there. Yeah.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   21:06
Uh-huh, no, it's not a problem. This is not a problem.

Julio Cesar Pedroso   21:07
No, not just.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   21:07
No.

Ma, Vivian   21:10
Mmhmm.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   21:10
We, we can give to you.

Ma, Vivian   21:13
Okay, so I think maybe I will check again and if you can give the invitation letter for us, I think we can, yeah, submit to some, yeah, our, yeah.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   21:23
Mhm.

Liu, Carlson   21:27
Yeah.
Normally, I think it's not an issue for us, because, as you know, BPS also is a worldwide company, and we provide a lot of the machine for Europe, for America, and a lot of the countries. I think, normally, I think it's not an issue for us.

Ma, Vivian   21:33
Yeah.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   21:43
Ha.
Okay, okay.

Liu, Carlson   21:49
But okay, just like Vivian said, we can double check and give the feedback to you later. Yeah.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   21:55
Okay, perfect.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   21:57
It's important to know about it because this project is going to be worldwide applicated. So we are looking for factories in China, Italy, Mexico. So the project will start here in Brazil and then probably the production

Ma, Vivian   21:57
Mhm.
Mhm.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   22:18
lines will be implemented in China, Italy, Mexico. So it's good to know about the support and patent set standards for you guys.

Ma, Vivian   22:29
Okay, no problem.
Mhm.
Okay, the first is the customer management. So our project management have our own system, BPPB system, which are focused on time management, quality management, also supplier management, which can control the risk.
to ensure their on time delivery and good quality. And our after service management because BVS is global and their resource allocation. So we have their 24 hours hotline and we
keep their detailed service records to our, how to say, to customer satisfaction. And also we have some investigation from our customer and we can.
Control our.
our experience and the continuous our improvement.
Okay, so this is BPS China technical competence. So I think this is not our own process, is just a part, some parts of obsess, like assembly process, spring, deforming, welding, cleaning, cooling.
heating, marking, machining, and some other process is not included there. If you have any interesting process, we can have a detailed discussion.
And then the the second is the testing process, like the measurement leakage flow test, electrical test, function test, classified test. I think this we will the projection we will discuss, I think you are interested.
For in the testing parts, right?

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   24:44
Yeah, and actually about the assembly process too, because Franklin and Alison, they are in this meeting too, they are looking for automated assembly lines for this project, and so they are going to talk to you later about.

Liu, Carlson   24:51
Yeah.

Ma, Vivian   24:57
Mhm, mhm.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   25:03
About it, but in the first moment we are discussing about the testing line, and but but the testing line is a part of the all line, so it will start with the assembly line, then the testing line, and then packaging line, all for the same product.

Ma, Vivian   25:10
OKOK.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   25:23
So I think you will need to make a quote for the testing line and then a quote for the assembly and packaging line and a quote for the whole pack, the full line.

Ma, Vivian   25:24
Mhm.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, okay, I'll probably not.

Liu, Carlson   25:39
Mm.

Ma, Vivian   25:43
Okay, so the control system like high tech process control for caption controls of the PLC. The Siemens is our customer and also is our supplier. So we have
many equipment for Siemens plans.
Okay, so.
The first is the winding system. You know, we have a plant in Italy, so...
plants have many wedding business like flyer wedding, needle wedding, linear wedding, and any other wedding.
Okay, the vision system we have a 3D inspection, registration, measurement, print quality and also color line scan.
And the last thing, the digital platform, so we have the data analysis ability and also the FPC analysis validation and also efficiency analysis and also virtual simulation, automated optimization and also human.
Machine collaboration like this.
Okay, so this is the BPS automation solution, the market for the like the mobility, new energy, medic and farmer, electronic,
And some other consumer goods.
Okay, so this part is our for our customer and we have supplier the solution for these parts. We supplier the automation line for this part. So you can see these parts is for the immobility part.
The first is electrical drive system like motor, stator, rotor, and also EDS and E transmission. And the second is the electronic controllers like BMS, MCU, VCU, inverter.
The third is the battery system, the battery cells, modules and the packs and also the thermal management system. And I think this is 3 parts is major components in our car. So we have made or supply.
several automation lines for our customer.
Okay, so this for other auto parts, we call the traditional cars. So you can see the powertrain system, like engine pumps, transmission, AGR, and also differential. The second is for the electronics.
like the camera inside the or upside of the car, ADAS, and also sensor ECU motor, domain controller, like these parts. The third is the chassis system, like the brake system, steering system, suspensing, and the tri-axle.
like this part. I think this part is market is growing in China and now this part is our business now. And the first interior and exterior, the seats, airbags, wipes.
Play and the days.
Okay, so these are some case for our customer. This is a XP stager assembly line. I mean process the paper in 13, Y forming, shaping, yeah.

Liu, Carlson   30:07
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, maybe we I can introduce, so there's some our project reference, and so I just we we introduced we have two big business for the mobility, and then this is the includes the the mobility, so it's the stator assembly.

Ma, Vivian   30:09
As.
Mhm.

Liu, Carlson   30:29
So, stator, as you know, we have in China, you know, we use, how to say them, high pin stator, mini pin stator, X pin stator. So, this is the X pin stator. It's one type of the stator.
Yeah.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   30:48
Okay.

Liu, Carlson   30:49
So, next, I think...
So, also, is electrical driver system includes motor, gearbox, and the inverter together. So, normally, this particular is very big, more than 100 stations.
So, so this is the this project I think is not include the test. If we consider testing, I think it will be more more more than maybe 120 like these stations. OK, so very huge project.
Okay, next time.
This is a controller, so I think this the controller maybe is a very similar to your product. It's a in water assembly and I with the test, so you can find the for this three-D module you can find the includes 3 loops, the two loops as the...
Parallel, it's assembly loop and also we have one testing loop. The testing includes the running test, the UL function test, like this. So for this project, I think the automation is very, very high.
We only have three operator. Also, the second also is very high and it's 20, 27 seconds like this. It's also is a very big project, including 17, more than 17 stations.
Yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   32:36
So for this line, do you manipulate PCB cards, PCB electronic cards, and assembly them in the inverter? So do you do the full assembly?

Liu, Carlson   32:46
Yes, yeah, yeah.
Yes, so PCB assembly is the one process included in this station. We use the press feed to press feed the PCB to the to the we call it LGBTIGBT, yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   33:03
I GB T.
Okay.

Liu, Carlson   33:07
Yeah.
So, if you, you are interested in maybe with the data, we can, I can introduce the process later, yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   33:15
Okay.

Liu, Carlson   33:17
And this also is a controller we call the one box. That means this product will be combined the PTU, DCDC, OBC function together. So the product is very big, like the BMS more than one meter, the length.
So this line also is very big. They include 122 stations, but the automation is not very high. We have more than 15 operator. So, but the product is big, so line is very big and...
Process something similar, like the inverter is the normal process, the screen dispensing, also the press, and also the cleaning, different cleaning, yeah, also includes the testing, yeah, electrical testing.
Okay, next is BMS, so it's a battery for the battery control, so it's also very big, how to say, bigger product, so automation is not very high, so you can find it there, include setting, how to say?
Uh, it's a uh, thirty-six operator.
So, process, I think, is similar, just the the standard is very high, so for the OEM customer in Europe.
Okay.
Next is for the battery. For battery, just we already introduced for battery, we are focused on the module and the pack assembly and the test. So this is one of the pack assembly. It's not very big.

Ma, Vivian   35:12
The.

Liu, Carlson   35:14
So, this file stages, yeah.
Okay, next.
Next is a traditional part for the car and it's a brick system. So it's also is a very big project, include 16 stations and a very high automation, only two operator.
And the process is also complex, includes assembly and the testing for the testing, includes the testing and function test, also the UL test, yeah.
Okay, so next is also is a chassis system product, is a steering system. And for this project is not what may be, only 10 stations, firewall operator. And the process I think is also the normal process.
Yeah.
Okay, the next is hydraulic module. Hydraulic module is the one product inside of the bricks system. So for this project is a very high, how to say, standardization. You can find all the stations similar.
We also provided with to the Bosch is, I think it's a very famous customer. Sorry, any question?

Ma, Vivian   36:44
Yeah.
I live.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   36:53
No, thank you.

Liu, Carlson   36:53
Okay.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   36:54
No.

Liu, Carlson   36:55
Yeah, so for this line, it's a high automation and no operator. So I think it also is a benchmark for us. Yeah.
Okay, next is reader assembly. It's also very high automation line, no operator. Radar is so how to say is the electrical competence. So the yes, yes, EDS.
Uh, we, we, we should have considered, yeah.
Okay, next one is display. So for display, this line is also is high automation, also no operator, and a very high cleanliness requirement.
Yeah, for display, we we can we can provide the product line for single display, double display, or multiple display, so yeah.
Okay, and so next is the testing. So for testing, for testing, I think we have one, we have one view, so we can provide a lot of the testing, includes the electric test, hydraulic test.
Don't.
Just as you know, we have another, the formal brand is, how does it, team technique maybe you know, it's a very famous tester company in Europe. I know already combining BBS, so we can, we have a lot of this experience for this testing.
So, all the tests we the components we list there.
And the next is...
OK, so this is the one is the reference for the testing. It's the electrical driver system test bench.
It includes the English test, the performance test, a lot of the testing included, also includes the hydraulic test, yeah.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   39:13
The.

Liu, Carlson   39:20
For us, I think we can put a lot of this testing bench for a customer.
This is also the electrical driver system test is the end of the line test bench.
Okay.
Also, this is a transmission test, is a complete test line, not only the test bench, but also includes some some assembly before the testing, and also includes some for the oil.
How does it control folding like this is complete the testing line?
And, OK, so this is a a medtech and the pharma business. I think there is not a maybe you not care this one, yeah, but...

Ma, Vivian   40:18
Or, we can go through quickly for this, yeah.

Liu, Carlson   40:21
Yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   40:21
Yes, yes.

Ma, Vivian   40:25
OK, this is the machine for the attack and harm.
And this is our injection timelines for our customer. So you can see the track time is very quickly, 4.7 seconds.
And this is also for some other consumer goods, like we have supplier, I think 4 lines for the toothbrush heads for the brown.
OK, so this is a toothbrush line.
The automation is a fully automation, and the operator is quality and just two.
Okay, so this is for the other industries, optical, electronics, and also industrial. And industrial, the Siemens is our biggest customer. So we have built several lines for their PLC and also some other brands, some of our components.
OK, this is a IO assembly line for.
Fog statements.
Okay, so Carson, maybe you can, yeah, have introduction for this.

Liu, Carlson   41:48
Yeah, yeah, okay. For the, yeah, for the digitalization, I think we have one team now, we can do a lot of this simulation work, so we use we show components this one software software.
So, there you can find this one of the simulation for the logistic simulation for for this one, and I think in the beginning of the design, after we finish the layout and we can we can calculate how many, for example, this is the carrier line we can.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   42:23
It.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   42:24
What?

Liu, Carlson   42:27
Check how many workpiece carrier we need, which where is the bottleneck for this line, and the OEE, and we can calculate the we can reach this target or not. So, for also, for example, if there is a AGV line, we can check how many AGV we need.
and the sequence like this. Yeah, it's a logistic simulation.
And, uh, uh, next, uh...
Next thing, I see this is a process simulation. So after the 3D module design finished, then we use this software to check if there have some mistake or which position is bottleneck.
Then we can, we can, we can check before the the how does it machine build?

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   43:21
****.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   43:21
Book.

Liu, Carlson   43:29
And also we can do the visual commissioning. So that means after our PLC program finished and we can use the PLC program to drive the 3D module to check our program.
A PLC, if they have some bug or some mistake, then we can shorten the debugging time, yeah.
Okay, that's the I think is simulation.

Ma, Vivian   44:06
Yes, I think either, that's all for BBS. Okay, so BBS is, I think, is a leading global manufacturer to provide turnkey solutions. I think it covers the entire production process, including assembly and also the test.
So maybe we can have some, yeah, project cooperation in the future. So we look forward to that. Okay.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   44:39
Okay, I appreciate your presentation and now I will talk a little bit about the test system, details and the concept to show you guys what we are thinking about this project, okay?

Liu, Carlson   44:57
Yeah, OK.

Ma, Vivian   44:57
Okay.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   45:00
Let me share my screen.
Can you see my screen?

Liu, Carlson   45:08
Yeah, yes.

Ma, Vivian   45:09
Yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   45:11
Okay, so here in Wag in Brazil, we produce inverter frequency drives in our factory. Me and my colleagues, we developed the new lines for the new projects. So here we have some testing lines.
some manual testing lines, some of them are automated, but none of them are...
have electrical connections automatically to the drives or conveyors to move the projects along the line. So this is a new concept for us.

Liu, Carlson   45:53
Mhm.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   45:55
The concept is before the testing line we have an assembly line and it can be automated like Alison and Franklin will talk to you later. But in the first moment, consider a manual assembly line and then the operator or the human will.
Put the product in the fixture, so he will attach the product to the fixture, and we are considering automated electrical connections, so each type of product will have.
a picture designed specifically for this project. And then the connection between the product and the fixture needs to be automated.

Liu, Carlson   46:46
Sorry, one question. So you missed, we connected the product to the workplace carrier automatically. All the test station connect to the, for example, the workplace carrier is automatic.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   47:04
Ohh.

Liu, Carlson   47:04
So, that means...
I don't know if you understand what that means. So normally, so we have two solution for the testing. One is before the testing, before the product into the testing machine, we design the workbase carrier and we

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   47:13
The.

Liu, Carlson   47:28
We connected the product to the workspace carrier, and in the workspace carrier there has a common interface, no matter which kind of the product, and then the testing station will be can be.
automatically to connect this, how to see the interface, the common interface in the workbase carrier. It's one solution. Another is the workbase carrier together with the product into the testing station, then directed to connect the product.
So I don't know which kind of the solution you used.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   48:10
Okay.
But.
Okay, we are looking for each fixture have specifically designed connections to the products. So we will have some types of connections here because we have some types of products, some families of products.
And then the connection between the the fixture with the module test will be common, will be standard, so...
It can allow us to test a lot of kinds of products in the same test module, because you just changed the fixture, the bench. You just changed the fixture, and the connection between the fixture and the module will always be the same.

Liu, Carlson   48:56
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, OK.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   49:05
Okay, and then the connection between the fixture and the module needs to be automated too. So if you cannot do the automated connection between the fixture and the project, you need to let us know in the code. But we are considering...

Liu, Carlson   49:06
Yeah.
But.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   49:24
All the connections be automated, the connection between the product and the fixture, and the fixture and the module, all of them automated.

Liu, Carlson   49:35
So, so the product connect to the feature is also needed automatic.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   49:36
K.
Yes.

Liu, Carlson   49:45
Ahh.
Okay.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   49:48
But if you, if you cannot do it, you need to let us know in the code.

Liu, Carlson   49:54
Mhm.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   49:54
Because if it's not possible...
Maybe we can consider it manual in the first moment, but we are looking for automated connections in the fixtures and in the modules.

Liu, Carlson   49:58
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
But the connector the product to the fixture with the cable or is the hard connector?
Uh-huh.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   50:23
open to you decide these connections.

Liu, Carlson   50:27
Mhm, Okay.
Yeah, on.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   50:30
Okay, so the concept is...
In the beginning of the line, we will have a conveyor integrated to the module, but each module needs to have his own conveyor.

Liu, Carlson   50:44
Mm.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   50:44
Because if you need to increase the line, you just buy another module and you don't need to do another integration, another conveyor integration with the line.

Liu, Carlson   50:55
Mm.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   50:57
So, let's move on. The product will enter in the test module, and here we will have a door or a window opening, and then when it opens, the product moves inside the test module, and when the product...
is inside it needs to move to a test position.
For our concept, we were looking for backwards movement, so the product will move back and let the conveyor free to all to other products flow through the test module.

Liu, Carlson   51:34
Yeah.
Yes.
Because normally the test time is very long and maybe not only one stations, so we can use this solution to parallel.
Testing, yeah, okay, understand.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   51:49
Parallel tests, yeah.
For us, when the product moves to the test position, it automatically connects the fixture to the test module. But if you have another solution, you can show us and let us know in the quote too. But...
That's it, and we will have three types of test modules. The first one is the high pot module, and test the insulation between the power connections and the...
the ground of the product. The other module, test module will be the functional test module that will test all the measurements, IOs, control, communication. We have a detailed test sequence in the specification that I sent to you guys.
you can check later, but it's just to test all the functions of the drive.

Liu, Carlson   52:57
Mhm.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   52:59
And OK.

Liu, Carlson   53:00
Sorry, I have one question for a lot for all this test machine, who will be provided the test software?
I know what.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   53:11
We are looking for BBS provided test software, but we know that the knowledge about how to test these drives is specific. So we will collaborate to do this software. We will provide the knowledge about how to test, how to

Liu, Carlson   53:13
Okay.
Who?

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   53:30
Do the the routines, so will be a collaboration between us and you guys, but the software will be done for.

Liu, Carlson   53:41
Pass.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   53:41
By BBS.

Liu, Carlson   53:42
Yeah, okay.
It's okay, no problem. Yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   53:45
Okay.
And the last one, test module, is the load test module, and it needs to be heated to test the drive. And this module will test the drive at the nominal current. And the time tests for each module is for the high pod module, we will
We will considering.
Let me show just another image.
This is a full line example. It don't need to be so close, but we are considering this close because of the conveyors to let the products flow without needing an extra conveyor between the test.
that between the test modules, but the test times are for the iPod module about 3 seconds until 60 seconds depending of the product.
For the functional test module will be 1 1/2 minutes until 7 minutes, depending of the product. And for the load test, it will be 6 minutes until 20 minutes. So this is why we need, that's why we need the conveyor

Liu, Carlson   54:48
Mhm.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   55:09
free to other products flow by them because flow through them because one hypot module and one functional module can support 3, 4, 5, can supply 3, 4, 5 load test modules.
So probably we will need just one hypothesis and one functional test modules, and three, four, or five load test modules.
Understood.

Liu, Carlson   55:40
Yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   55:42
Okay.
Just to let you know what we are thinking about, and this is just an example of a pull line we are considering now manual assembly, but like I just want Franklin will talk to you later about the automated assembly line, but
considering manual assembly and then the operator put the drive in the fixture and then the automated connections happen and then the product move between the test modules. This is a big line.
Maybe, depending of the production, we need to increase the line, so we just buy a new module, and then in the final, in the end of the line, we have a packaging.
Location station.

Liu, Carlson   56:40
Mhm.
Mm.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   56:44
Do you have any questions?

Liu, Carlson   56:44
Okay.
So, for OK, maybe later after you finish this presentation.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   56:54
For me, that's it. We just finished.

Liu, Carlson   56:56
OK, yeah, yeah, I have one question for this project, so I don't know, so for this project, I think you, you, it's not to build a build up one one line, it's how to see you want to find how to see.
Plantform.
Is right, it's a modular design, and you can you can test all the product in there.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   57:20
Yeah.
Yeah, you need to make a quote considering just one module each, one hypot, one functional and one load test module. And then depending of our demand, we need to buy more load test modules probably. But for the quote, you can consider one module each.

Liu, Carlson   57:26
Israel.
Who?

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   57:47
And.

Liu, Carlson   57:47
Yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   57:49
I guess that's it. That's her question.

Liu, Carlson   57:52
Yeah, yeah, so, so that means, Retinal, you, you want to to to talk with the supplier to how to say to build up this policy is not complete line, it's just three stations, one is the high port, one is the policy is the function test, the load.
Test, OK, so then...
How about this complete project? You just need these three stations or you will find how to use solution to build this platform.
For all the product.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   58:30
It's because, Leo, it's a splitted solutions. You know, one project is the testing area, another project is assembling area, okay?

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   58:31
No.

Liu, Carlson   58:42
Yeah, yeah, I know, I know. I just talked the testing. For the testing, I think, so, because this testing station, we talked, it's not for one of the product, it's for all of this product, it's a similar product.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   58:47
But...

Liu, Carlson   59:02
Is a platform.
Right.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   59:05
Yeah, yeah, yeah, this testing module will attend a lot of kinds of products, inverter frequency projects, so we will provide you the specifications of the products later if we move on the project, but considering a lot of...

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   59:05
Yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   59:24
Kinds of products, and they are detailed in the specification to the size, the weight, the power needed to test.

Liu, Carlson   59:39
OK, so the purpose for you building this line as for because it you you cause the production volume increased or you you want to the do the standardization.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   59:53
Yeah.

Liu, Carlson   59:54
Which, which, which one is the purpose for the you build it?

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   59:57
It's to standardize the process and to improve our factory for a new product.

Liu, Carlson   1:00:11
So, so that means you have a new product, and you, you, you, then then you need this, OK, OK.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:00:15
Yes.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:00:17
We can test in in in this station.

Liu, Carlson   1:00:38
Mm.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:00:39
This project is to capacity our facilities to produce these new drives.

Liu, Carlson   1:00:46
So, so that means in your plant already have the similar testing line. It's a modular.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:00:52
Yes, we have, we have the know-how.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:00:53
Yes, no, no, it's not module. It's not this concept is not, we don't have this concept here, but we have different solutions to test a lot of kinds of products in the same test station, but it's not modular and it's not with conveyors.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:00:59
It's a different solution.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:01:13
It's a different concept, but we we we have this know-how.

Liu, Carlson   1:01:15
Mhm.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:01:15
It's more manually.
Smart manually, actually.

Liu, Carlson   1:01:18
Mhm.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:01:18
Yeah.

Liu, Carlson   1:01:20
Okay.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:01:21
We can test a lot of type of types of products in the same test station.

Liu, Carlson   1:01:23
Mhm.
Mhm.
So, finally, how many product variants will be production in this line?

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:01:39
In the first moment, we are considering just three types.
But I can check it and send it to you later via email how many kinds of products we are talking about.

Liu, Carlson   1:01:44
Mm.
Okay.
Okay.
The.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:02:01
But for this solution, the drive is going to be fixed in the fixture in the base, and when the drive goes to the high pot test model or functional test model, this model is going to connect.
Just in the fixture, not in the drive, you know. Did you got it?

Liu, Carlson   1:02:25
Mhm.
Yeah.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:02:27
Okay, okay.

Liu, Carlson   1:02:31
Mhm.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:02:31
McDonald.

Liu, Carlson   1:02:33
But in the future, the different, maybe you test more product tabs, so that the other product tab, the function is the same, just that the product size is different, right?

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:02:48
Yes, yes.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:02:49
You can consider, you can consider five types of fixtures, so you can you can consider just five types of projects, 5 receipts, 5 test receipts.

Liu, Carlson   1:03:00
Mhm.
Yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:03:05
Okay.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:03:09
So let me ask you...

Liu, Carlson   1:03:10
Uh, what, what, what's the what's the timing plan for this uh, this project?

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:03:16
The deadline.

Liu, Carlson   1:03:18
Yeah, what's the timing plans and milestone for your for your for your project? When you will release the purchase order and we when you need this machine in your plant.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:03:19
Okay.
Okay, the.
Okay, about the quotes, we need the quotes as soon as possible because we are talking to a lot of suppliers around the world and we need to know the price, the budget, we need to buy this solution. And for us, the budget...
can vary because it depends off the payback. If the payback is acceptable, we can do it, we can buy it. And the deadline for this project, we need this testing line here in Brazil by end of 2027, by the end of the next year.

Liu, Carlson   1:04:13
End of next year.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:04:15
Yeah, end of the next year.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:04:15
Yes, we we we pretend to put the P.O. for this project until in the end of this year.

Liu, Carlson   1:04:15
Okay.
Again?

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:04:25
Yeah.

Liu, Carlson   1:04:27
Okay.
But this.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:04:29
But for the codes, consider as soon as possible.

Liu, Carlson   1:04:32
Okay, understood. So at this moment, for our quotations, only included these three test machine and the conveyor. That's right.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:04:43
Yeah.

Liu, Carlson   1:04:44
Okay.
Understood. So let us to check internally because I don't know if we have enough capacity at this moment. So we need to check internally and later we can give the feedback to you.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:04:55
Okay.
Okay, about Carson, about the load test and functional test, did you give any solutions similar to any supplier or to any client of yours?

Liu, Carlson   1:05:23
Yeah, so okay, maybe we can, I can share, I can share some reference to you, yeah.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:05:31
Yeah, similar projects.

Liu, Carlson   1:05:33
Yeah, but I'm not the test engineer, so I just can introduce some general information for you. For the detailed, maybe if you are interested, we can we can we can introduce the later. Okay, wait a moment.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:05:34
Okay.
Mhm.

Liu, Carlson   1:06:16
I will open the plantation, so wait a moment.
OK, could you see my screen?

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:06:33
Yes.

Liu, Carlson   1:06:34
Okay, I will.
Have we introduced this one? It's how to say it's one of the product is in water testing for for it's a reference in BBS, so first layer is the product I think it's maybe it's not as similar like your your product.
This is just this electrical product, and then this is the one of the reference and the new Vivian plantation. We already show part of this one, so this is a testing line. So, for this testing line, they include how to say the...

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:07:02
Mhm.

Liu, Carlson   1:07:18
two tests. One is the running test and another is the EOL end of line test. So for this line, this is the end of line test and all this is the running test. So you can find the for end of line test, we have 10 stations.
And for the drawing test, we have 18 stations. And we use this, we call it the Z-Card system to transfer the product between the different stations. Because as you know, all these 18 stations, the function is the same, is the drawing.
The the process time is very the test time is very long, so so it's duplicate the stations, so we we use this Z-card and to feed in the part into this station and unloading the finished part and the loading the the testing part.
And for this other station like this, and before the testing, we use this conveyor, and this is the AGV to transfer the part from the same line to the testing line.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:08:28
And.

Liu, Carlson   1:08:31
So, to to reduce that the the operation time, you can find there we use the round tables, the two position round table, and the one position for the the part feeding the product feeding, and another is for the testing. Two positions, one is the loading the...

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:08:31
K.

Liu, Carlson   1:08:52
Part, another is the testing part.
Yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:08:56
Thank you.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:08:56
Thank you, sir.

Liu, Carlson   1:08:57
Okay, this is another kind of testing. I think this is the similar like you just introduced. So it's the conveyor, it's the main conveyor. Also there is a testing position. So what keeps carrier go to there and feed into this position.
for the testing, another workpiece carrier can go to this position and go to there for the testing. Yeah, I think this is similar like you just introduced. So yeah, this is the conveyor solution. So this is the safety test, safety test is the hyper test, the same concept.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:09:26
Yes.

Liu, Carlson   1:09:36
I think the same function, and this is the end of the line test is the function test, as with the high actually test, high voltage test, and the lowest voltage test.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:09:49
Mm.

Liu, Carlson   1:09:53
After then, after test, the library station.
Yeah, also is modular designed this there, and all the stations can be separate, and this is another one. This is an offline test. How to see this is the assembly line, so I think the assembly line will be start at there.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:10:01
Okay.

Liu, Carlson   1:10:17
Then finish the all this assembly, go to there, there is a cart. This cart will be unloading this product, then go to the test station, and like this, the cart, and together with the product into the testing station, and do the test. Because, as you know, the testing process time is very long.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:10:27
Mhm.

Liu, Carlson   1:10:39
And then, in the beginning, the production volume is not very high. The second time is very long, and maybe we just need one or two test stations. After then, after the second time very quick and the high, how to say, production volume.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:10:46
Mhm.

Liu, Carlson   1:11:00
And we just need to add the testing station. We don't need the assembling machine. So that's why we use this one, because it's the offline test. So that means beginning, maybe we just need these two or three stations. Later, we can add these three stations.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:11:18
Two.

Liu, Carlson   1:11:20
Maybe, uh, how did you reduce the uh, invest them, uh, yeah?

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:11:25
Uh-huh.
Here in Brazil, Carson, we use this kind of solution in our facilities.

Liu, Carlson   1:11:27
Okay.
Okay.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:11:34
The offline testing.

Liu, Carlson   1:11:36
Yeah.
Okay, so this is just the three kind of the testing line. We not put all the testing line at there. So for the testing, so okay, sorry, it's not, I'm not the expert for this testing. I just can go through this one. It's the first safety test.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:11:47
Mhm.
Okay.

Liu, Carlson   1:11:57
Maybe they include some of the installation resistance test with standard, and that also this test. This is the some of the diagram for this testing. Sorry, it's the Chinese. If you are interested, I can ask our expert to do the more detailed, and also is...

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:12:16
Mmh.

Liu, Carlson   1:12:17
The how to say this the platform for this the cabinet at the PC cabinet for all these tests that we use the LabView for the testing, LabView software, LabView, yeah.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:12:29
Le Le View, okay.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:12:32
But do you have knowledge to use other programming languages like Python, C#?

Liu, Carlson   1:12:38
Yeah, yeah.
C#, yeah, so just I introduced our another brand and former brand is the Team Technique. Team Technique, they have one test software called the Team Soft. Team Soft is developed
By the C, but it is more expensive, also can do the test for this electrical part, so, but normally we use the team software for the electric for the motor tester, for example.
Electro driver system, we use the team soft for this one, for the controller, normally we use the level view, but if you have the requirement, we also can use the team soft.
Yeah, it's no problem, yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:13:34
Okay.

Liu, Carlson   1:13:38
Some key components for this test, the PC, IPC, or some testing equipment, the test device, yeah.
The end-of-line test, I just we talked, we have the L.E. test, low what did he test, and also high what did he test, yeah.
And also, they have the test item, yeah, all this test item we can do.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:14:09
Mhm.

Liu, Carlson   1:14:10
Yeah, this is the cabinet profile for this EOL test.
And the competence, yeah, we used.
You see, this is the for the actually test, yeah.
Also, it's a TCD test. TCD test is how to say it's not 100% to test, and just part of the test part of the product we we put there, it's like the how to say the wrong in or...
So, NG test like this, and we test in the temporal temperature and chamber, yeah.
Okay, this diagram and the cover for this TCT test, some competence, flash. Also, we can do the flash.
Key competence hardware, some real product, real cabinet picture.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:15:20
Mhm.

Liu, Carlson   1:15:21
This is the the interface, the HMI, and for the all the test, yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:15:29
Mhm.

Liu, Carlson   1:15:30
Okay, so this is a very draft introduction. So maybe if you are interested, maybe next time I can ask our expert to do the more detailed introduction. Yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:15:40
Yeah.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:15:44
Mhm.
No, for the first conversation, it's very clear to us. For me, I don't, it's okay.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:15:46
Okay.
Alison and Franklin, do you want to talk about the assembly line?
Or show them the product.

Alissonn Felippe Bebber   1:16:02
I think that I will send the scope and talk by mail. I think it's better in the first moment.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:16:09
Just to introduce you, Carson, as we talk to you, the assembly line is another project. So Alison is going to share the screen.
For the assembly line, yes, we are thinking to the whole solution automated, okay? So in the scope, you see some details of the project and of the product, and you can consider the...

Liu, Carlson   1:16:26
Yeah.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:16:45
A fully automated assembly, OK?

Liu, Carlson   1:16:48
Okay, so that means the assembly line also is okay, assembly the same product is right, okay.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:16:55
Yes, it is.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:16:55
Yeah, yeah, it's an interest.

Liu, Carlson   1:16:57
Mhm.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:16:58
Oh, okay, okay, Liz.

Liu, Carlson   1:17:00
So, what's the second term for this line?

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:17:05
Sorry?

Liu, Carlson   1:17:06
What's the cycle time cycle time for this line?

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:17:08
Ah, the cycle time, the cycle time is not the problem because our bottleneck is in the testing area, but the cycle time for this, for each product, you can consider 9 minutes.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:17:09
Oh, Cyclone.

Liu, Carlson   1:17:23
On 9 minutes.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:17:23
Until, until 9 minutes, until 9 minutes, okay?

Liu, Carlson   1:17:27
Okay, yeah, it's a less than, okay.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:17:29
We have.
We have time enough to assemble, OK? We have time because the bottleneck is in the load test.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:17:32
We have time.

Liu, Carlson   1:17:34
Mm.
Mm.
Okay.

Alissonn Felippe Bebber   1:17:41
Okay.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:17:44
Okay, I think that's it. If you want to...

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:17:47
For the quotation.

Liu, Carlson   1:17:49
So, so for the timing plan for this semi line is the same as the testing line, right, as soon as soon as possible. OK.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:17:55
Yes, it's in the end of, yes.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:17:55
Yes.
as soon as possible and the commissioning here in Brazil needs to be by the end of 2027.

Alissonn Felippe Bebber   1:18:01
Yeah.

Liu, Carlson   1:18:08
Yeah, okay.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:18:08
That's it.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:18:09
And for the quotation, you need to, we would like the quotation separated and a quotation of the whole pack. So testing line separated of assembly line and a quotation of both of them together.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:18:27
Three quotations, right?

Liu, Carlson   1:18:29
Okay.
I know.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:18:34
Do you have any other questions?

Liu, Carlson   1:18:38
For my side, I think it's clear, just we need to internal check, and then later we can give the feedback, because for us, I think I'm worried about this, how to say the second time, not second time is that the time plan.
Because you, you need as soon as possible, but I need to check our capacity internally, yeah.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:18:58
Mhm.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:19:03
Okay.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:19:04
Okay, but just to clarify, the first quotation is just to take a target, you know, so we can align better after the first quotation.

Liu, Carlson   1:19:07
Okay.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:19:19
Yeah.

Liu, Carlson   1:19:19
OK, so, so that means the first just need a like this, just the one number press, no cost to breakdown, yeah, OK.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:19:27
Yes, exactly, exactly. We, for now, we don't want anything detailed, you know, we just want to know the target price, your target price, and after this, we are going to detail and get more information about the project.

Liu, Carlson   1:19:29
Okay.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:19:35
Yeah.

Liu, Carlson   1:19:40
Okay.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:19:47
We will deliver to you more details about the product, about the testing characteristics, the testing formations.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:19:57
Yeah.

Liu, Carlson   1:19:58
But, but you just said that for the test software, we also need to provide, but right now we missing the how to say the test specification. So, I think if we provided the testing software also for for the hardware, I think...
Maybe you can give some more information for the testing specification, and otherwise we can give a, how to say, estimated price. It's not very accurate.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:20:30
Yes, I sent to you in the specification the test sequence for the functional test and

Liu, Carlson   1:20:55
Mm.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:20:56
But if you have any question about it or you need more detailed information about some specific test, you can.
You can ask it by mail, and I will share with you the knowledge necessary.

Liu, Carlson   1:21:11
Okay.
Yeah, I know, I know, so later I can forward this specification to our test engineer, and then I will check if we need more information. Yeah, OK.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:21:16
Yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:21:26
Okay.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:21:26
Okay, and about the software, Aloisio is going to support you in any doubt and in development of the software because he have the knowledge to develop it. He will support you to develop.

Liu, Carlson   1:21:40
Mm.
Okay.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:21:43
Yeah, will be a collaboration.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:21:46
Yes, is that?

Liu, Carlson   1:21:46
Which, which, which software you you need? The the is the level view or C# you you need?

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:21:55
We're looking for C# or Java or Python solutions because it's our know-how. So if we need to do something with the software to change something, we know how to do it. That's why the software needs to be open source.

Liu, Carlson   1:22:11
Okay.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:22:15
in this language.

Liu, Carlson   1:22:15
Okay.
Okay.
And also, in the first round, you do don't need the layout or all other document. OK, just the the press. OK, the.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:22:25
No, no, no, no, no.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:22:27
No.
Just the price.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:22:29
Yeah.

Liu, Carlson   1:22:30
Yeah, I will check, and then later give the feedback, yeah.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:22:35
OKOK.

Ma, Vivian   1:22:37
Okay, so I got you the rough timeline, so you need the machine in Brazil at the end of the 2027, and their first target is the maybe ask the suppliers to quote as soon as possible, so make us down the...

Alissonn Felippe Bebber   1:22:48
Okay.

Ma, Vivian   1:22:59
target the price alignment. Yes, I got it. So I have a question about this projection. So when, I have to see, why is the projection fixed time? I mean, when can you determine all this project?

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:23:01
Yes.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:23:04
Very.

Ma, Vivian   1:23:18
how to see. So determining the supplier for this project. So do you have this plan?

Liu, Carlson   1:23:26
You just say the end of this year.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:23:26
how we are selecting the supplier.

Liu, Carlson   1:23:29
Give me, yeah, nomination.

Ma, Vivian   1:23:29
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:23:31
A when, when?

Liu, Carlson   1:23:32
When? Yeah.

Ma, Vivian   1:23:33
Yeah, yeah, when?

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:23:34
Yeah, yeah, we are doing some meetings along this week and the past week and probably the next week and

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:23:34
Ahh.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:23:43
After these meetings, we will receive the quotations from all of the suppliers, and then we will select, probably we will be selecting in the next month or July, August, something like that. We don't want to spend so much time.
Deciding it.

Ma, Vivian   1:24:07
Okay, so when you decide, yeah, yeah, yeah, when you decide some supplies to move on this projection and why, why is how to say the nomination to how to say when can you set the nomination for?

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:24:09
It'll be.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:24:17
Yeah.

Ma, Vivian   1:24:26
to the suppliers.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:24:27
The supplier we will select and choose until in the end of this year.

Ma, Vivian   1:24:34
Yeah.

Liu, Carlson   1:24:35
Okay.

Ma, Vivian   1:24:35
Okay, I know this, okay, got it.
Clear.

Liu, Carlson   1:24:40
OK, yeah.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:24:45
That's it.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:24:46
That's it. Cheers, guys.

Liu, Carlson   1:24:46
Yeah.

Ma, Vivian   1:24:47
Okay.

Liu, Carlson   1:24:49
Okay, thank you, thank you. Yeah, thank you. Bye-bye, bye-bye.

Ma, Vivian   1:24:49
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Bye-bye. Have a good day. Have a good day.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:24:51
Mm.

Julio Cesar Pedroso   1:24:52
Thank you.

Aluizio Augusto Kleine Kirschner   1:24:53
Thank you.

Raphael Franklim Oliveira Ferreira   1:24:54
Bye bye. See you. Bye bye. Thank you.

Alissonn Felippe Bebber   1:24:55
Have a nice, bye bye, nice night, bye bye.

Liu, Carlson   1:24:57
Yeah, see you, bye.

Liu, Carlson parou a transcrição
